Levels of software Testing -- Dynamic Testing
 Unit Testing: testing the small component or a single functionality
 Integration Testing: mulitple units as single unit. checking the data flow 
 System Testing : Testing the overall functionality of application checking whether it is working according to customer requirement or not.
 UAT : users along with testers.


 UNIT TESTING :
      A unit is a single component or a module of a software 
      Unit testing conducts on a single program
      Unit testing is white box testing technique
      Unit testing is conducted by developers 
      Unit testing techniques:
            basis path testing -- every line should be executed 
            Control structure testing 
            Conditional coverage
            Loops coverage 
            Mutation Testing -- testing the code with multiple sets of data

Integration Testing 
        Integration testing performed between 2 or more modules
        integration testing focuses on checking data communication between multiple modules.
        Integration is white box testing techinque 
        Testing the data flow between two modules.

      Types  of Integration testing :
        1) Incremental Integration Testing:
            Incrementally adding the modules and testing the data flow between mmodules.
            there are 2 approaches:
            a)Top down approach Incremntal Integration:Incrementally adding the modules and testing the data flow between modules and ensure the module added is the child of previous module
            b) Bottom up approach: Incrementally adding the modules and testing the data flow between the modules, and ensure the module is added is the parent of the previous model.
            c) Sandwich /Hybrid approach is the combination of top down, botton up appracohes.
         
        2) Non-incremental testing :
                Adding all the modules in a single shot and test the data flow between modules.
            drawbacks: We might miss data flow between some of the modules.
                     If you find any defect it is very hard to find root cause of defect.



 