Regression Testing: 
       Testing conducts on modified build to make sure there will not be impact on existing functionality 
       because of changes like adding/deleting/modifying features.

    Unit regression testing:
    
       Testing only the modifications done by the developer

    Regional regression testing:

        Testing modified module along with the impacted modules
        Impact analysis meeting conducts to identify impacted modules with QA & Dev.

    Full Regression:

        - Testing the main feature & remaining part of the application 
        - Ex: Dev has done changes in many modules, instead of identifying impacted modules. we perform one round of full regression.


Re-Testing :

        whenever developer fixed a bug, tester will test the bug fix is called Re-testing.
        Tester close the bug if it worked otherwsie re-open and send to developer.
        To ensure that the defects which were found and posted in the earlier build were fixed or not in the current build.


Re-Testing vs Regression testing 

     An Application under test has three modules namely Admin,Purchase and Finance 

     Finance module depends on purchase module.

     If a tester found a bug on purchase module and posted . Once the bug is fixed, the tester needs to do Retesting to verify whether the bug related to purchase is fixed or not and alos tester needs to do Regression testing to test the Fianace module which depends on the purchase module.



Smoke Testing                          

* Smoke test is done to make sure the build we received from the development team is stable or not.
* smoke testing is performed by both developer and testers 
* Smoke testing build may be either stable or unstable
* It is done on initial builds.
* It is a part of basic testing.
* Usually it is done verytime there is a new build.


Sanity Testing
 * Sanity testing is done during the release phase to check for the main functionalities of the application without going deeper.
 * Sanity testing is performed by tester alone 
 * Sanity testing,build is relatively stab;e.
 * IT is done on stable builds.
 * IT is part of regression testing 
 It is planned when there is no enough time to do indepth testing.



Exploratory testing :

     we have to explore the application,understand completely and test it.

     Understand the application, identify all possible scenarios, document it then use it for testing.
     we do exploratory testing when the application ready but there is no requirement.
     Intension is to learn or explore functionality.
     Test engineer will do exploratoy testing when there is no requirement.
      Drawbacks:
        you might understand any feature as a bug 
        time consuming 
        If thre is any bug in application, you will never know about that bug.


Adhoc Testing 
    Testing application without any test cases or any business requirement document.
    adhoc testing is an informal testing type with an aim to break the system.
    Tester should have knowledge of application even though he doesnt have requirements 
    This testing is usually an unplanned acitivity.
    findout the corner defects.
Monkey Testing:
      Testing application randomly  without any test cases.
      Tester do not have knowledge of application 
      suitable for gaming applications



POSITIVE TESTING:

     testing the application valid inputs is called as positive testing.
     it checks whether an apllication behaves as expected with the positive inputs.

NEgative Testing :
     Testing the application with invalid inputs is called Negative Testing.
     It checkes whether the application behaves as expected with the negative inputs.



End to  End Testing:

 Testing the overall functionalities of the system including the data integration among all the modules is called end to end testing.




 Globalization;
      Performed to ensure the system or software application can run in any cultural or local environment.
      Different aspects of the software application are tested to ensure that it supports every language and different attributes.
      It tests the diffrent currency formats, mobile number formats and address fromats are supported by the application 
      Ex : Instagram

Localization :
    Performed to check the system or software application for a specific geographical and cultural environment.
    Localized product only supports the specific kind of language and is usable and only in specific region.


    
